[WIP] Minimal MAINTAINERS.md file (#25839)
bitcoin/bitcoin: CONTRIBUTING.md

developers" in the sense of privileged people. Open source often naturally
revolves around a meritocracy where contributors earn trust from the developer
community over time. Nevertheless, some hierarchy is necessary for practical

> purposes. As such, there are repository [maintainers](/MAINTAINERS.md) who are

Reviewer: why link to `MAINTAINERS.md` twice here?

Author: i guess it is redundant? can remove, i just default to linking to where terms are defined, and separately to where more can be read.

other kinds of patches because of increased peer review and consensus building
requirements.

> Maintainers fulfil the role of evaluating PRs having met the above conditions
> and merging, as detailed in [MAINTAINERS.md](/MAINTAINERS.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maintainers fulfill the role of evaluating and merging PRs that have met the above conditions, as detailed in [MAINTAINERS.md](/MAINTAINERS.md).
```
